Add support for Rancher monitoring V2 (#24)
projectsyn/component-rancher-monitoring: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

That fact can then be used in place of this parameter to select the `kube-prometheus` version in `jsonnetfile_parameters.kube_prometheus_version`.
====

== `federation_target`

[horizontal]
type:: string

> default::
> +
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> 'v1': access-prometheus.cattle-prometheus.svc.cluster.local:80
> 'v2': prometheus-operated.cattle-monitoring-system.svc.cluster.local:9090
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default:: `${rancher_monitoring:_federation_target_map:${rancher_monitoring:rancher_monitoring_version}}`
```

The prometheus service used as the federation target.

> Usually this is the prometheus service installed by the rancher monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually this is the Prometheus instance managed by Rancher.
```

> The `rancher_monitoring_version` acts as a layer of indirection to set this to the service that is valid for version 1 and version 2 of the rancher monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this parameter is set based on the value of parameter <<_rancher_monitoring_version,`rancher_monitoring_version`>>. 
The default configuration ensures that this parameter is set to the default service name for the Rancher-managed Prometheus instance for Rancher monitoring V1 or V2 depending on the value of `rancher_monitoring_version`. 
```

== `rancher_monitoring_version`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `v1`

> The ranger monitoring version installed on the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version of the Rancher monitoring stack which is enabled on the cluster.
Valid values are `v1` or `v2`.
See https://rancher.com/docs/rancher/v2.5/en/monitoring-alerting/[the Rancher documentation] for more details on the differences between the V1 and V2 Rancher monitoring stacks.
```

> This defines the `federation_target` that is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter is used to configure an appropriate default value for the `federation_target` parameter, if that parameter is not overwritten.
```
